import discord
import os

client = discord.Client()

@client.event
async def on_ready():
    print('We have logged in as {0.user}'.format(client))

@client.event
async def on_message(message):
    if message.author == client.user:
        return

    if message.content.startswith('?Hi'):
        await message.channel.send('hello there!')
    
    if message.content.startswith('How are you today Brainiac?'):
        await message.channel.send('I am not able to feel anyting!')

    if message.content.startswith('?AOIs'):
        await message.channel.send('?AOIs - A.K.A Attitude Of Investors. Best I could say after witnessing human life with money : (A) Stay away from cockroach mentality: "He bought so I will buy too." (B) Do not listen to others suggestions, but do hear them! (C) Do a thorough research on a company from "what it is?" to "by whom its being run: "people?" (C) Be accountable and responsible of your failures/losses. they happen! (D) Invest only the amount you can afford and time till you can withstand! (E) No Emotions, it does not matter if it is "Made in USA" or "Made in China". Only thing that matters is "Made of Money", then keep investing.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Shareholder'):
        await message.channel.send('?shareholder - A shareholder of a corporation is an individual or legal entity that is registered by the corporation as the legal owner of shares of the share capital of a public or private corporation. Shareholders may be referred to as members of a corporation.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Currentassets'):
        await message.channel.send('?currentassets - Assets that can be easily converted to cash or can be liquidated and the company foresees a situation of consuming these assets within 365 days / 1 year. Example: inventory, accounts receivables and cash & bank balances, short term loans, sundry debtors etc. These are assets that are easily converted into cash and cash available at hand in the form of notes and coins. Eg. Treasury bills, Deposits.')
    
    if message.content.startswith('?Noncurrentassets'):
        await message.channel.send('?Noncurrentassets - These are the assets that company owns, the economic benefit of which is enjoyed for long period of time (more than one accounting year). These are also called tangible assets. These assets are also those which can’t be liquidated easily. Such as land, industrial plants and machinery, vehicles, buildings. The subsection in balance under non-current assets includes intangible assets.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Netblock'):
        await message.channel.send('?Netblock - Keeping in mind that when company acquires an asset it is called gross block. The value of tangible assets depletes over time, as such assets lose their productive capacity due to obsolescence and physical wear & tear. This value is called Depreciation expense. Subtract these two you will get netblock.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Liabilities'):
        await message.channel.send('?Liabilities - Are the future obligations of the firm as a result of past transactions or events with economic benefit. Also, Liquidity Ratios are the ratios that determine how a firm’s current assets can cover its current liabilities and Liquidity is a degree by which an asset can be converted to cash.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Currentratio'):
        await message.channel.send('?Currentratio - A liquidity ratio of total current assets to total current liabilities.A good current ratio is between 1.2 and 2.0, which means that the entity has 2 times more current assets than liabilities to cover its debts. A current ratio below 1 means, the entity doesn’t have enough liquid assets to cover its short-term liabilities. An indication of bankruptcy!	Large Current Ratios aren’t good either. It indicates that the entity is not efficiently using its current assets or its short-term financing facilities.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Operatingexpenses'):
        await message.channel.send('?Operatingexpenses - These are operating costs associated with a firm’s operating activities and reported on the income statement. The Operating income or Operating profit is the excess of gross profit over OE.')

    if message.content.startswith('?Netprofit'):
        await message.channel.send('?Netprofit - The earnings after taxes, interest and deductions of other expenses. Net Profit Margin is the measure of how much a firm earned on each Dollar/Rupee of net sales after payment of interests and taxes. This ratio is an indicator of a company’s pricing strategies and how well it controls costs. Since this is highly dependent on a company’s operations or businesses’ financing arrangements and each firm has different expenditures, we can’t really compare this ratio with it’s competitors.')

    if message.content.startswith('?ICR'):
        await message.channel.send('?ICR - Interest Coverage Ratio is a measure of company’s ability to honor its debt payments. In other words, it’s a relationship between operating income and the amount of the interest to be paid on debt to creditors on yearly basis. This is also known as Time Interest Earned - TIE. When TIE < 1, the firm isn’t generating enough cash from its operations EBIT to meet its interest obligations. The Company would then have to either use cash on hand to make up the difference or borrow funds. Typically, it is a warning sign when interest coverage falls below 2.5x.')

    if message.content.startswith('?EBT'):
        await message.channel.send('?EBT - Earnings Before Tax is the income of a firm before taxes are paid to the government. Excludes interests as well.')

    if message.content.startswith('?EBIT'):
        await message.channel.send('?EBIT - Earnings Before Interests and Taxes is the income of a firm before respective interests and taxes are paid to the government. Operating Income or Operating Profit are sometimes used as synonym for EBIT when a firm doesn’t have non-operating income  and non-operating expenses.')

    if message.content.startswith('?EBITDA'):
        await message.channel.send('?EBITDA - 	Earnings Before Interests, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA is a financial measurement of cash flow from operations that is widely used in mergers and acquisitions of small businesses and businesses in the middle market. A negative EBITDA indicates that a business has fundamental problems with profitability and with cash flow. A positive EBITDA, on the other hand, does not necessarily mean that the business generates cash. This is because EBITDA ignores changes in working capital (usually needed when growing a business), in capital expenditures (needed to replace assets that have broken down), in taxes, and in interest.')

    if message.content.startswith('?ATR'):
        await message.channel.send('?ATR -  Asset Turnover Ratio is a ratio that measures ability of the business to use total assets to generate revenue. A.k.a Activity Ratio or Efficiency Ratio.')

    if message.content.startswith('?D/E'):
         await message.channel.send('?D/E -  Debt to Equity Ratio indicates the relative proportion of shareholder equity and debt used to finance a company assets. It is calculated by dividing total liabilities by owner’s equity. Closely related to leveraging, the ratio is also known as risk, gearing or leverage.')

    if message.content.startswith('?ROE'):
        await message.channel.send('?ROE - The Return on Equity (RoE) is a very important ratio, as it helps the investor assess the return the shareholder earns for every unit of capital invested. RoE measures the entity’s ability to generate profits from the shareholders investments. In other words, RoE shows the efficiency of the company in terms of generating profits to its shareholders. Obviously, higher the RoE, the better it is for the shareholders. In fact, this is one of the key ratios that helps the investor identify investable attributes of the company. This is a profitability indicator of the firm. I can tell you more! <?AboutROE>')

    if message.content.startswith('?AboutROE'):
        await message.channel.send('?AboutROE -  ROE is especially used for comparing the performance of companies in the same industry. As with return on capital, a ROE is a measure of managements ability to generate income from the equity available to it. ROEs of 15–20% are generally considered good. ROE is also a factor in stock valuation, in association with other financial ratios. While higher ROE ought intuitively to imply higher stock prices, in reality, predicting the stock value of a company based on its ROE is dependent on too many other factors to be of use by itself. A high RoE is great, but certainly not at the cost of high debt. The problem is with a high amount of debt, running the business gets very risky as the finance cost increases drastically. For this reason, inspecting the RoE closely becomes extremely important.')

    if message.content.startswith('?ROCE'):
        await message.channel.send('?ROCE -  The Return on Capital employed indicates the profitability of the company taking into consideration the overall capital it employs. Overall capital includes both equity and debt (both long term and short term).')
    
    if message.content.startswith('?P/E'):
        await message.channel.send('?P/E -  a.k.a P/E ratio, P/E, or PER, Price to Earnings Ratio is the ratio of a company share (stock) price to the company earnings per share. The ratio is used for valuing companies and to find out whether they are overvalued or undervalued. This indicates the earning per share investors are willing to pay for a share.')

    if message.content.startswith('?AboutP/E'):
        await message.channel.send('?AboutP/E - well, This ratio can also be interpreted as the amount of time over which the company would need to sustain its current earnings in order to make enough money to pay back the current share price.')


    if message.content.startswith('?PEG'):
        await message.channel.send('?PEG - One of the limitations with P/E is that, it doesn’t factor in the growth in underlying earnings. Back when Sam-Walton first began opening Walmart stores, P/E analysis would not have accounted for rapid growth and investments in expansion. To make up for this shortcoming in P/E, investors use the price-to-earnings-to-growth (PEG) ratio.') 

    if message.content.startswith('?AboutPEG'):
        await message.channel.send('?AboutPEG - ! have more! A stock with a high P/E might be viewed as overvalued and not a good investment. Calculating the PEG ratio on that same stock, assuming it has good growth estimates, can actually yield a lower number and indicate that the stock may still be a good buy. The opposite holds true as well. If you have a stock with a low P/E, you might logically assume that it is undervalued. However, if the company does not have expectations of significant earnings growth, you may get a high PEG ratio, indicating that you should pass on buying the stock.Like P/E, a lower PEG is generally considered preferable to a higher PEG. As with any analysis, the quality of results changes as the input data does. For example, an analyst could calculate a different PEG ratio depending on whether they use historical growth rates or company projections. This formula can help investors to find shares that are undervalued and to avoid overvalued shares!')




client.run('YOUR TOKEN')
